CVE-2024-21400 - Microsoft Azure Kubernetes Service Confidential Container Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
Microsoft fixed a vulnerability in Azure Kubernetes Service that could allow attackers to gain elevated privileges and steal credentials.
"An attacker who successfully exploited this vulnerability could steal credentials and affect resources beyond the security scope managed by Azure Kubernetes Service Confidential Containers (AKSCC)," explains a Microsoft security advisory.
The flaw was discovered by Yuval Avrahami.
CVE-2024-26199 - Microsoft Office Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
Microsoft has fixed a Office vulnerability allowing any authenticated user to gain SYSTEM privileges.
"Any authenticated user could trigger this vulnerability. It does not require admin or other elevated privileges," explains Microsoft.
The flaw was discovered by Iván Almuiña from Hacking Corporation Sàrl.
CVE-2024-20671 - Microsoft Defender Security Feature Bypass Vulnerability
Microsoft has fixed a Microsoft Defender vulnerability that could 
"An authenticated attacker who successfully exploited this vulnerability could prevent Microsoft Defender from starting," explains Microsoft.
However, this will be resolved by Windows Defender Antimalware Platform updates that are automatically installed on Windows devices.
This flaw is fixed in version 4.18.24010.12 of the Antimalware Platform.
Microsoft says that this flaw was discovered by Manuel Feifel with Infoguard (Vurex).
CVE-2024-21411 - Skype for Consumer Remote Code Execution Vulnerability
Microsoft has fixed a remote code execution vulnerability Skype for Consumer that can be triggered by a malicious link or image.
"An attacker could exploit the vulnerability by sending the user a malicious link or a malicious image via Instant Message and then convincing the user to click the link or image," explains Microsoft.
Microsoft says this flaw was discovered by Hector Peralta  and Nicole Armua working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative.
CVE-2024-26199 - Microsoft Office Elevation of Privilege Vulnerability
Microsoft has fixed a Office vulnerability allowing any authenticated user to gain SYSTEM privileges.
"Any authenticated user could trigger this vulnerability. It does not require admin or other elevated privileges," explains Microsoft.
The flaw was discovered by Iván Almuiña from Hacking Corporation Sàrl.
